Implement Server-Side sessions (#68117)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

| SAML realm in {es} that provider should use.

| `xpack.security.authc.providers.`
`saml.<provider-name>.useRelayStateDeepLink`

> | Determines if provider should treat `RelayState` parameter as a deep link in {kib} during Identity Provider initiated login. By default, this setting is set to `false`. The link specified in `RelayState` should be a relative, URL-encoded {kib} URL, e.g. for `/app/dashboards#/list` link `RelayState` parameter would look like this `RelayState=%2Fapp%2Fdashboards%23%2Flist` for .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Determines if the provider should treat the `RelayState` parameter as a deep link in {kib} during Identity Provider initiated log in. By default, this setting is set to `false`. The link specified in `RelayState` should be a relative, URL-encoded {kib} URL. For example, the `/app/dashboards#/list` link `RelayState` parameter would look like this `RelayState=%2Fapp%2Fdashboards%23%2Flist` .
```

|===

[float]
[[login-ui-settings]]

> ===== Login user interface settings
> 
> [cols="2*<"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
===== Login user interface settings

You can configure the following settings in the `kibana.yml` file.

[cols="2*<"]
```

  | Sets the name of the cookie used for the session. The default value is `"sid"`.

| `xpack.security.encryptionKey`

>   | An arbitrary string of 32 characters or more that is used to encrypt session information. It is crucial that this key is not exposed to users of {kib}. By

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | An arbitrary string of 32 characters or more that is used to encrypt session information. Do **not** expose this key to users of {kib}. By
```

  This is *not set* by default, which modern browsers will treat as `Lax`. If you use Kibana embedded in an iframe in modern browsers, you might need to set it to `None`. Setting this value to `None` requires cookies to be sent over a secure connection by setting `xpack.security.secureCookies: true`.

| `xpack.security.session.idleTimeout`
  | This setting ensures that user sessions will expire after a period of inactivity. This and `xpack.security.session.lifespan` are both
highly recommended. By default, this setting is not set.

2+a|
[TIP]
============

> The format is a string of `<count>[ms\|s\|m\|h\|d\|w\|M\|Y]` (e.g. '70ms', '5s', '3d', '1Y').

Reviewer 2: I like how you modified this tip for `cleanupInterval` to provide more realistic values. We should do the same here 😁 
```suggestion
The format is a string of `<count>[ms\|s\|m\|h\|d\|w\|M\|Y]` (e.g. '20m', '24h', '7d', '1w').
```

============

| `xpack.security.session.lifespan`
  | This setting ensures that user sessions will expire after the defined time period. This behavior also known as an "absolute timeout". If
this is _not_ set, user sessions could stay active indefinitely. This and `xpack.security.session.idleTimeout` are both highly
recommended. By default, this setting is not set.

2+a|
[TIP]
============

> The format is a string of `<count>[ms\|s\|m\|h\|d\|w\|M\|Y]` (e.g. '70ms', '5s', '3d', '1Y').

Reviewer 2: This too
```suggestion
The format is a string of `<count>[ms\|s\|m\|h\|d\|w\|M\|Y]` (e.g. '20m', '24h', '7d', '1w').
```
